You
The introduction is going to be about two minutes longer.
So if you want to take the time to tweet this out or to send it to your friends, that would be great.
Essentially a worse case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worse case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying. We don't even recognize the truth no more than society.
We want everybody to feel good. That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Hittari Mama was first today. Hittari Mama was first.
Mark, Mark, Mark, you're so funny.
As a surgeon, you should be speaking out on this. You could save lives.
What the fuck? I didn't know anything about this. How am I meant to know about this?
You know what? I don't know about everything.
You shouldn't think that just because you're on to something that someone else should be doing it to,
buddy. We've all got our own jobs to do. I don't tell you what to do.
What the fuck?
Anyway, the reason why I try to get through to you to get your number of call.
You're busy last time and I'm not busy.
I went back through the podcast and I'm afraid it wasn't good enough, mate.
I don't know how to explain this to you, but it was just over an hour.
But the thing is, what was relevant was literally just 15 minutes.
It was just dragged out and there was not enough substance, not enough facts, not enough details.
I would also say, try and work on your presentation.
You drag things out and speak very slowly.
You need to be a bit more punchy. A bit more punchy, a bit more animated, a bit more light.
I don't know if you were just a bit flat back to you.
I think your style, you just could inject yourself with a little bit more energy, a little bit more animation.
What I was going to do actually was create some clips of the podcast and do a sub-stack,
and obviously credit you and reference you, and talk about the opioid deaths and all that kind of stuff.
So that was the plan. I'm sorry, mate. I've just got a lot of fucking podcasts.
I've got a lot of recordings.
I'm trying to keep the quality of the content quite high.
I'm afraid on this occasion it just wasn't good enough.
I know that sounds harsh, but I'm just being honest with you.
The quality wasn't up to scratch.
All right, mate. Bye.
Stop lying! Stop lying!
I'm not sure exactly who he is. His name is J. J. Cooley, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
MUSIC
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is GIGO and biological coming to you on the 14th of May, 2024.
Still trying to dispel the enchantment that is being cast by ever more people,
with ever more comfort and fame as a result of being a whistleblower that didn't have principles
in 2020 or 2021 or even 2022.
But pulled their head out a couple years later after everybody had already been transfected
and terrified for two years.
These fake heroes need to be ended, and we're going to be doing a few more shows this month
to try and make sure that people wake up to this nonsense.
It's a great big show. It's a great big club, and we are not in it.
And it's because the truth that is perceived is all that matters to these people,
and they all know that's the game. They all know that's the game.
And so they've been recruiting more and more monkeys to participate in this little charade,
to do interviews and to promote ideas and to just throw more mud in the water
so that nobody can figure it out when it's so super easy.
Ladies and gentlemen, there was no spread in New York City.
Infectious clones are the only real threat.
Police evil batches were likely distributed.
Transfection and healthy humans has always been dumb.
The protocols were murder gained a function as a mythology.
The Scooby-Doo mystery that they tricked you into solving is a real op.
And it only takes a spectacular commitment to that lie in order to make sure that the whole Earth
will solve this mystery and accept the presuppositions of the giant global estates.
And anybody that disagrees with these people has attributed bad motives.
That's how Meryl Nast wins arguments.
That's how Robert Malone is a little arguments.
That's how they all win arguments. JJ's bad mark is boring.
That's how they do it ladies and gentlemen.
They're not talking about what we talk about.
They're not talking about our ideas.
If Mark is so lame, then just summarize his ideas for us.
But no, no.
That tiny little medler from the other side of the pond couldn't do that.
He's got to spend his time promoting Sasha La Topova and Robert Malone.
These people are all out there to make sure that you don't see, even when you're shown.
That's really the magic of what they're doing here.
And instead of explaining it simply like we try to do, I mean, come on ladies and gentlemen,
if you can't see them for the charades and the charlatans and the fakers that they are,
I don't know what to tell you, but I'm going to try and help.
You can learn our history. That's one way to do it.
Mark Koolack's website at Mark Housatonic ITS is really one of the best places to try and
find a handhold and pull yourself out of this illusion,
which has been cast upon us by charlatans on TV and also charlatans on social media.
Charlatans on social media like Robert Malone, like Pierre Corey, like Jessica Rose,
like all the people that have been put in front of us with a limited spectrum of debate
that can never seem to just keep us focused on the biology to tell us to love our neighbors,
not to trust the vaccine schedule.
They haven't been able to find these words because these words aren't part of the wave of lies
that they have created.
The wave of lies that has captured our university students around the world has captured our young parents.
This wave, which is continuous with the vaccine schedule, lie, and criminal enterprise
that existed before the pandemic, and if we're going to teach our children how to surf it,
we're going to need to show it to them.
The way you show them this wave of lies is to keep them focused on the biology,
get them not to take the bait on social media and television,
and teach them to love their neighbors.
And sometimes that means accepting the fact that their neighbors,
being skilled TV watchers, are going to be afraid and confused.
Ladies and gentlemen, the way this works, the reason why we are still on the air is because of people like you
that decided to give me $10 a month or $5 a month.
Some people are giving more than that.
Some people give as much as $290 a year.
And it is that commitment by these people that really, really, really keeps me on the air,
and it is for all of them that I continue to work as hard as I can to try and produce the message
that's going to break us free.
I swear, just like you, in 2020, I thought I would just do one more video.
One video would break it.
One video that just showed that this New World Order illusion
about viruses and pandemics was being exaggerated and overplayed
would shift the paradigm.
That's what I thought would happen.
It would shift the paradigm and everybody would suddenly realize and come to awaken.
But now, after four years of being sophisticated,
I realize that this illusion is sustained through our active participation.
And if we are going to engage in United Noncompliance,
we need to understand how the illusion is sustained.
It is sustained.
It is sustained through your participation and your choice to listen to the wrong people,
to ask the wrong questions and those people that have been put in front of us,
that we have been misled by social media to believe our heroes outspoken critics.
These people are part of the illusion and we sustain it by listening to them,
by listening to them, so we've got to stop.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief,
brought to you by a biologist.
It was the 15th of May, 2024.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as usual,
from the back of my garage.
It's a nice day today.
The back door is open.
There's fresh air flowing.
And I'm excited to be here today.
I feel a little better than yesterday.
I have some health issues that don't need to be described that have kept me off the air.
Yesterday I needed one day of rest.
My vocal cords are also a little injured.
I think so.
I'm trying to talk a little softer.
I do have it a little hotter over there.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm a human just like you.
I rent my house.
I am lucky enough to be married to my best friend.
And I have three children that are for the most part healthy.
But we moved here in 2016 and me being the dumbass that I was in 2016 still.
An academic biologist wanting to climb the ladder of tenure.
When we had our daughter in the United States, we gave her the entire vaccine schedule.
Knowing in our heart that this was not what happened to our boys in Norway.
Knowing in our heart that something wasn't right the moment that they gave her two shots on our birthday.
Within seconds of coming out of her mama and into the world.
She was violated and we were traumatized by that.
But we were not sophisticated enough to understand that the United States medical system upon return to the United States would have become the criminal enterprise that it was.
And that even the nicest general practitioner would be completely unaware of the criminal enterprise that the vaccine schedule was.
And so I am left to be just as ashamed as many other parents are in finally realizing it too late.
In 2022 when I first watched the movie Vaxxed which was several months after being contacted and starting to consult for Robert F Kennedy Jr.
That's how stupid I was.
That in 2022 despite running around my head cut off for two years trying to figure out the lab leak Scooby-Doo mystery.
I still hadn't reflected on my own family and my own experience with the idea that the vaccine schedule that I experienced in Norway and the Netherlands with my first two kids is bizarrely different than the vaccine schedule that my GP is pushing on me now.
And if it wasn't for the strength and courage of my wife.
I think that we would have we would have given my kid all of the shots before six months and I don't think we did that.
If only because my my wife was breastfeeding her and we delayed them.
Now.
I don't think it's fair for my daughter and my sons for me to talk about them but.
It's hard for me to keep a straight base and say that they're the same kids with the same gifts.
And if the pattern that I see right now continues I can assure you that.
Ladies and gentlemen I don't know how to express it to you any other way than to say that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And I like many people and ashamed of myself for having been an academic biologist for 20 years and having so focused on the brain and microscopes and optics.
That when I became a parent I was absolutely naive to the criminal enterprise that was happening in the United States and.
I was blessed enough to be outside of the United States so that when we came back in 2016 there was something there that could happen.
That could wake me up.
But I did not wake up early enough.
And that's why I do what I do.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and there are hundreds of thousands of academic biologists that will eventually come to realize that they could have known and should have known had they weren't focused on microscope optics and and and their grant proposals but just had sat down and thought about it a little bit.
About what was being said on television about what Meryl Nasse and Robert Malone and and Ed Wong all agree on.
Which is there was a pandemic of a particularly dangerous virus that came from a bat cave one way or another.
And so this agreement is a real big problem because this agreement represents the spread of bad ideas that have caused all of our children all of our neighbors all of the skilled TV watchers in the world to believe.
That a risk additive pandemic virus has circulated the globe and continues to that is biologically differentiable from the background of hundreds of thousands of these signals.
And is so differentiable from the background that we have a high fidelity phylogenetic tree of a virus over the last five years that has no precedence in history.
We've never tracked OC 43 like this, despite the fact that all these virologists agree that OC 43 is all around the world.
So why aren't we actively tracking it?
Why aren't we using special primers for all of these known endemic coronaviruses and following their evolution.
Why didn't anybody want to do that before the pandemic so that we could study how an endemic virus evolves and compare that to a pandemic virus.
These are some of the questions that once you start realizing that they didn't investigate any of these things that they could have purportedly they could have because in 2020 they rolled out lateral flow tests for for zero prevalence and they rolled out PCR tests for viral presence.
The only problem was whether the cycle count was right or not.
And so this fidelity existed before the pandemic otherwise Abbott laboratories wouldn't have been able to develop the products they did and the speed that they did.
This technology existed before the pandemic otherwise the PCR kits could not have been ordered from BGI in China and sent to companies in the United States in April for them to test weekly.
The fidelity obviously already existed if if a company in China can supply the PCR tests that are used in America in April 2020.
So why didn't we have these PCR tests in circulation already before that tracking the endemic virus seeing as pandemic potential.
According to Ed Wong and Robert Malone has been working on it for years and and and and Merrill Nass who's a bio bio weapons expert for years.
Why weren't they advocating for a regular surveillance of the background coronavirus so that we would know if one came out and we could follow it and we would understand this stuff.
We could wait until 2020 to assemble the first ever year over year phylogeny of a coronavirus.
Why do we let someone like Kevin McCurnan who cut his teeth at the Human Genome Project.
Why is he there why isn't it a virologist why isn't it any of the other hundreds of thousands of molecular biologists that supposedly understand how basic molecular biology works.
Why is it that we have to have Kevin McCurnan of all people.
Why was Kevin McCurnan so early on the primers of the PCR test not on the PCR being useful or not useful but the primers being wrong.
It's because these people like it or not were put in place very early to make sure that the spread of bad ideas would make sure that everybody believed that there was an RNA molecule also spreading around the world and that's why all of these people tell the same basic story.
Kevin McCurn, Charles Ricksy, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Merrill Nasse, Mary Holland, Robert Malone, Pierre Corey, Jim Thorpe, the whole wellness company everybody that works for them there's not one of them not one of them not one single one of them can see the possibility that a background signal adequately characterized
before the pandemic could have been misconstrued as spread at the start of the pandemic because we have zero data pre 2020.
Not one person of these geniuses can see it.
Instead their assumption is because they had it three or four times like Merrill Nasse had it three times apparently even never died because she uses Ivermectin I guess.
There's no other way for me to see it.
Having the experience that I've had with almost all of them that they are coordinatedly lying in order to maintain the illusion that a pandemic occurred that again a function spike protein is at play and that again a function spike protein and the transfections could be responsible for a lot of the damage in the shot.
And if it's not that of course it's the double stranded DNA that's in the shots that contaminated them because we rushed them.
And this story is shared now across Ed Wong who may deny that there's a lot of injury.
He may deny where it comes from but the contamination he will eventually accept and probably clamor for the the finding of Pfizer.
And Robert Malone has accepted it. Kevin McCarran has accepted it. Kevin McCurnan has accepted it.
They've all accepted it because this is the narrative that they've been curating from the very beginning.
Now how would I know that?
Well the way to know it is to be around in 2020 and to know what all these people were saying in 2020 because I actively lost a job at a university medical school in the United States in 2020 I was keenly aware of what other people were saying.
I was defending myself to a medical faculty trying to regain my career position by defending myself with the things that people were saying.
So unfortunately for these medlers I know what they were saying in 2020 because some of them I was taking their argument and using it to try and edify my position in the faculty's eyes.
So when I look back on it and I realize oh my gosh all of these people were getting me to do it.
They were encouraging me to do it. They made me think that I had solved the mystery and that everybody was denying it.
And so I went even harder to end the paint on this idea.
And that's how they've done it to all of us.
It doesn't matter if they had you on the telephone or you in a signal chat or not.
If you were watching Brett Weinstein's podcast in 2020 it is just too bad for you.
If you were listening to these people in 2020 it's just too bad for you.
If you listen to Robert Malone in 2020 it's too bad for you.
So I've played this video so many times of course it hurts but it's always relevant to say.
I really think that these people are involved in a military national security operation wherein they are required to stay within this limited spectrum of debate.
And I think it is very very likely that most of the people on that side of the screen are never going to wake up.
And if they do wake up it will be on the timeline of the national security operation.
The best way to do it if you really want to do some reading is to download the sparse pandemic document because that is a timeline that includes post pandemic traumas and post pandemic recovery which does seem to really be that we are basically following that timeline
where right now it's okay to reveal that the pandemic countermeasures may have injured some people and that's totally alright.
But still we're not being precise they are still calling them vaccines all those people over there still call them vaccines.
And the really bizarre thing about this is is that Denny Rancor has data that shows that there was no risk additive spreading pathogen and interestingly so does so does John Bode.
John Bodeman also has this data but because he has been bamboozled by Steve Kirsch and by by Kevin McCurnan he is satisfied with selling his CDC book and getting to talk in front of some places.
Notice that John Bodeman was not invited to talk in front of the Senate. Notice that Steve Kirsch wasn't invited to talk in front of the Senate because these people don't have anything really useful to say to the Senate.
Because Steve Kirsch right now is talking exclusively about the transactions and transformations and calling them vaccines that's his job.
And John Bodeman is being overshadowed by these people. Nobody wants John Bodeman's book to really be a bestseller. Nobody wants everybody to read John Bodeman's book.
They just want to control John Bodeman. That's why they don't promote his book. That's why not one of them have really you know they would think they would tweet it weekly after all the time that they've spent with him.
He was on Steve Kirsch's weekly committee for two years or more.
But like a lot of these people they've either agreed not to say that there was murder in 2020 or have agreed not to not to focus on that.
But there's no other way for me to characterize John Bodeman's behavior other than somehow or another he is being meddled with so that he's not saying what he said when he was on my program.
He's not saying what he was saying in the beginning which is that there's no evidence for a viral spread. It's just that these people are dying of stuff. They're being killed.
And he still hasn't really found that language and I find it very curious that he spends so much time with Steve Kirsch and with these other people that I'm sure are liars.
I've already told them that they are liars.
And so there you have it. I mean again remember another anecdote which is really funny is that when I went to the Boston announcement of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. I actually sat one row in front of Meryl Nass who was sitting with Abby Rockefeller.
And we were told by John Bodeman who was sitting right next to me that he had coffees and coffee and bagels with with Meryl and Abby before he saw us at this at this event.
He was just invited for a morning coffee and bagels and it turned out that Abby Rockefeller was there.
But of course that would be conspiracy theory to think that that Meryl Nass and Abby Rockefeller getting together with John Bodeman would be anything significant other than bagels and coffee.
See what I see here ladies and gentlemen are people that have been co-opted people that have been told this is with what you've got.
This is what you're going to get. Your book will be fine if you just shut up and ignore Jay and ignore Jessica Hockett and ignore Mark Koolack even though you know how all these people are.
He sat next to Mark Koolack and I at Boston had Bobby's announcement.
In fact at that Boston announcement Steve Kerr thought it was funny and he came over to introduce me with two Pierre Corey who I'd already met Pierre looks so uncomfortable.
And then I was able to pull Mark over and say hey do you guys know Mark Koolack talk about awkward moments.
Wow. So we are dealing with a limited spectrum of debate that has been sculpted by actors that have been put in place.
Maybe some of them were added later because they were so off script by 2021. I don't know.
But I do know that my personal view of this included people like Charles Ricksey and Kevin McCann and and Johanna something or other from from from Germany and Nick the space cat and all these people were involved in in sort of trying to make sure that the lab leak idea
and a risk additives additive spreading pathogen these kinds of things were not questioned by me usefully from 2020 on.
And in fact I think I was closest to the truth in 2020 in May or June or July.
And then sometime after that the meddling of drastic and other people just got me back focused on the lab leak cover up and the fact that they're covering it up and so obviously it must mean we were right.
And again like I say I can do only so much I can only apologize so much for having been consciously and intelligently manipulated by these people.
Because when multiple people decide to lie to you together and you don't know it because they're in Japan and Virginia and in New Jersey.
We're all vulnerable. And that's how social media is working right now controlling hundreds of thousands millions of people's conscious habits and thoughts with cartoons with with nonsense.
And that's how our principle of informed consent which requires understanding has been completely taken away from us.
And I would argue that the people on television and the people on social media that we've come to understand as these these forces for good and bad or forces for globalism and for for patriotism these are all actors their job is to prevent you from waking up and realizing
that the American population has been governed by lies for decades.
Don't want you to wake up to the idea that the vaccine schedule has been a criminal enterprise for decades because he has participated in it for decades.
They don't want you to hear what he said in 2021 and compare it to what Meryl Nast said two days ago or otherwise you're going to be like wait what?
Because understand clearly what this six minute video of Robert Malone speaking says is something that I would have said if given a microphone in 2020 already.
That's how convinced I was that there was a lab leak and that I was on and that I was solving the problem and that we might get something out there quick enough people would realize that this was this problem and we would take it more serious.
I didn't know I was just trying to help.
And people like this perpetuated this in millions of people around the world thinking that.
The question to ask was bad cave virus or gain a function lab leak listen to this this is 2021 2021 three three three years ago.
Okay, three years ago.
It was strange that after moving the virus is it is basically a man made virus used for some people call it warfare.
Okay, we can deal with that word and it was released.
Do you find it strange that pouchy and the rest of the fun bunch really disavow themselves from it.
To your point.
I was really nice.
Let's go. Let's take a ride in the way back machine.
And remember once a long ago that Mr Biden came out and said we're going to get to the bottom of this lab leak hypothesis and I'm going to ask and I'm going to insist on the CIA giving me the full story and we're going to get to the bottom of this right away.
And then it has been nothing but crickets chirping ever since.
And that but I swear after he did that I saw his face get long ever since he just seems to have kind of gotten grim.
And I you know this you know this is like did he finally get access to the Kennedy you know notes.
It sure looks like he had a come to Jesus moment and he didn't like it very much.
And I mean many of my peers are increasingly of the opinion that this has hallmarks of a product of gain of function research.
The thing that I can't which is a fancy way of saying lab manufacturers.
The thing I can't sort out and I don't know if we're ever going to be able to sort it out.
Is did this sneak out the back door in Wuhan and yes the signs are that both my friends at DoD and the good Dr. Fauci.
You know we're told that you cannot do gain of function research it's illegal.
And so they they kind of pivoted and said oh it's okay we're going to let the Chinese do it for us.
That makes a lot of sense and we're going to send them a bunch of money to do it.
So so there's those data.
Those those breadcrumbs exist.
So gain of function research and coronaviruses definitely happened.
Is this the product of that gain of function research.
This is another one of those it looks like a duck it walks like a duck it quacks like a duck but how can you have a proven to duck.
You know maybe it's a pigeon.
But it sure looks like a duck.
And the thing I can't sort out and I don't know anybody can is did it escape out the back door at the Wuhan lab.
You know by and they're filling the blank there's a number of ways that could happen.
There was an event in the laboratory and people got infected and then they walked around and spread it because it has a long pro drone period.
Was somebody selling dead carcasses from laboratory animals at the back door to go to the seafood market.
Could be.
You know or or you know animals off experiment that kind of thing totally makes sense.
Having worked at a primate research center.
You know there's always interest in recycling lab animals after they've been used.
It's such a curious statement is he suggesting that while he was working in primate labs in California or wherever they were that people were reusing the monkeys.
Taking them and selling them selling body parts.
I mean.
The mythology that he's laying down right here is no different than the mythology that Peter Desac would like to be out there.
It's no different than the mythology that Nathan Wolf would like to be out there.
It's no different than the mythology that Vincent rack and yellow would like to be out there.
It's no different than any of their mythologies.
It's exactly the same mythology.
What part about this is different.
He thinks that that you can take a lab animal to the market and it might cause a pandemic he thinks that it could come out on somebody's shoes.
I remember that we had in 2020 Stephen Hatfield telling people that they should take their shoes off and wear an apron when they dealt with their kids.
Stephen Hatfield who has been on Tommy's podcast with Robert Malone a couple three times now.
Once you see them for the liars that they are and realize that an MD like Robert Malone could have easily explained what was happening in this graph that from 2014 we had a pretty good control.
On pneumonia and then suddenly at the start of 2021 there was a gigantic spike in pneumonia deaths.
And that happened repeatedly over the next couple years and those pneumonia deaths might actually be because we mistreated them.
Maybe we use dexamethasone and sent them home without antibiotics and they died in their care home like he described in this video earlier.
Maybe we put a lot of people on high flow oxygen and caused them to get what we call the viral pneumonia and then didn't give them any treatment for it thought that that was progressing a RDS and kill them.
I'm suggesting that it's a combination of that for anecdotal pain.
That would be the pain that James Giordano says is required.
So they had to kill people with a protocol in several places in the United States.
But New York City is a very interesting case because people like Jessica Hockett have talked to people like policemen and firemen.
And when they are shown the numbers they're like I didn't see that.
I mean we have to visit.
They have to go to dead people all the time.
They have to investigate deaths all the time.
If there were thousands and thousands and thousands of more deaths per week then there should be hundreds of traumatized EMTs and police officers and fire departments,
members that have collected those bodies over those four and five weeks and been absolutely stunned.
But there are absolutely positively none of those people around.
And of course those questions could have been asked in 2020 and 2021.
And maybe some people were asking them but Jessica was on some kind of other complete forum yelling into that forum that was completely faced the other way from where I was yelling.
And Mark Koolack was all over here chasing down the leaves of George Webb and trying to get George Webb to promote his work because he thought maybe George Webb and his associates were still pretty good people.
And so all of us were fooled by different people and all of us have seen different stages at this lala palooza of lies.
But in the end if we want to engage in non-compliance we have to identify the liars and stop listening to them.
Because in the end their symphony of lies actually is very harmonious.
If you listen to that talk with Ed Wong yesterday, Ed Young yesterday, and he talks about the current state of the world and why it's our fault and all this other stuff, it's not that different than what these guys are saying, it's just a different fault.
It happens in a different way.
In the illusion of Robert Malone it could be a bachelor's student with some equipment that they bought on eBay making a gain of function virus in their garage.
For Ed Wong that would be ridiculous, it's already dangerous enough in bad caves and because of overpopulation it's eventually going to happen again, it's unavoidable.
This one happened because of overpopulation and are encroaching on nature.
Not dissimilar to what Brett Weinstein was selling for a year and a half in 2020 and 2021.
And once you see that all these people have just been juggling each other's opinions pretending to have something that opposes that one and then you're forced to get on board with them because they're the ones that have a million followers.
They're the ones that have a sub stack that people read or a podcast that everybody listens to.
Only Robert Malone is able to be on nine podcasts a day and also breed horses and emus and build new sheds and also put out 17 to 27 pages of sub stack per day and also coordinate the early treatment trials that he did for two and a half years.
And still be a consultant and go around to all these international COVID summits two times a year to Romania and Belgium and and cruises off the coast of Turkey.
This guy is an illusion. He is part of the same illusion that Ed Young is about that the PBS News are about.
And do you find it strange that you know animals off experiment that kind of thing totally makes sense having worked at a primary research center.
You know, there's always interest in recycling lab animals after they've been used in any way you can.
And if it was a country like China, where you got people eating, you know, buying live animals in a market.
It's located just a couple blocks from the, if I apologize to, I kind of, why wouldn't that happen?
You'd expect it to happen almost.
They'd have to have pretty tight controls.
Keep it from happening.
You know, the janitor is, you know, looks at this collection.
These are all like, hey, I can make an extra buck or yen or whatever the monetary thing is.
And you know, how can you say this wouldn't happen?
The other thing that could have happened, and you mentioned the word bio warfare or bio weapon, there's no way to rule out that somebody didn't let this puppy lose intentionally.
And who would have let who would want to let loose an agent in the literally beating industrial heart of China.
I doubt it was the people's Republic of China.
That's extraordinary because remember this is 2021.
He's talking to Ed Nealey and, and Paul Cottrell.
And he's saying that he doubts that the Chinese government would have released a virus in China, and especially not in Wuhan.
Now he's going to go on to imply that the United States might have released it there.
And they might have figured that the Chinese government, because they've invested a billion dollars a year in infrastructure to respond to a future spark.
Future sparse pandemic that it would be safe to attack China in Wuhan and that China's infrastructure would stop it from going pandemic.
This is actually what Robert Malone said in 2021.
This video right here that you're about to hear is real.
And if this doesn't convince you that he is just an actor playing for the same team as Tony Fauci and Rick Bright and Peter Navarro and all these people that are ruling us with a mythology of lies.
I don't know if I can help you anymore. It might be time for you to find a new tutor, a new, a new teacher, a new somebody on a new biologist in your pocket.
Find a different one because this is the message. This is how it was done.
Somebody didn't let this puppy loose intentionally.
And who would have let who would want to let loose an agent in the literally beating industrial heart of China?
I doubt it was the People's Republic of China.
So I can't resolve these different potential ways that this agent could have gotten loose.
But the Fearing Cleveland site and some of the other signs, whether or not there is an HIV sequence in there, it kind of looks an awful lot like something that came out of laboratory research.
But in a sense, it kind of doesn't matter because here we are. It's gone worldwide.
Now, one of the things about this, all this issue about what happened in Wervland is that I had this colleague that I published with before who works for one of our three letter agencies in the government.
And early on, he assured me that this absolutely was not a lab.
It was not an engineered virus. Absolutely. He said my guys have looked at it carefully and it has none of the signs of being engineered.
Well, he said that so early in the outbreak.
So we're supposed to believe that Robert Malone's phone call on January 4th from Michael Callahan.
Essentially is a lie. He didn't know it was a lie until now because he didn't say it was a lie when he was talking to Brett Weinstein on June in June of 2021. This is now August.
And so already with just two data points, you can see how his narrative has progressed.
He's smiling because he knows he's going to get away with it because he's part of this system. The system is going to back him.
These other medlers like Pierre Corey are going to back him.
They're going to defer to the legendary Robert Malone, just like Brett Weinstein and Steve Kurz still do.
That's why he's so giddy and competent confident here that whatever he says is great because these people don't understand me anyway.
I understand you Robert and you're full of shit.
That in and of itself is a little odd.
And he told me the story that the Chinese had this amazing infrastructure that they'd spelt over a billion a year on.
For years and years after the SARS outbreak designed to contain any SARS-like virus, whole bunch of infrastructure.
Now clearly that didn't work so good. It's like to imagine a line in France to keep the German tanks away.
You remember how well that worked but they thought they had this and we thought they had this too.
One could imagine a scenario wherein an agent was released with the full expectations that it would damage the Chinese economy but they would keep it in check.
Did that happen? I don't know. It's a possibility.
The other thing about this, as you mentioned, Daryl, is that
It is a possibility. It is a possibility that the United States government released this in China fully expecting them to contain it.
It is a possibility, says Robert Malone, that somebody like a janitor could have taken a lab animal to a market to make extra money and that could have caused it.
It is also possible.
And so all the presuppositions of the state are being given to you on a platter by Robert Malone and he is not usefully questing the application of transformation or transfection to anyone in our society, usefully right now.
It won't be for four more months after this that he will give the December 21 presentation where he finally says these are untested.
You need at least five years. It can cross the blood brain barrier, can hurt the heart and it can reset your genetically reset your immune system.
He didn't say that until everyone that was going to get a shot or a double shot took it.
Every old person was mandated in their care home to take it.
And he didn't say a word, not one useful word about the fact that transformation or transfection could be especially hard on an issue.
It was an aged immune system.
Maybe even harder than a respiratory disease as long as you treated it right.
Maybe even harder than a urinary tract infection as long as you treated it right.
But these old people died of starvation, of urinary tract infections, of ARDS induced by pure oxygen of application.
They died of cold. They died of thirst in Scotland in the UK. Do you think they didn't do that in America?
You don't think they lied about this stuff in America too to create all the anecdotal cases they possibly could so that there would be enough people that said, well, I don't know, I know a 30 year old.
How many of those did we hear? How many of those did we need to hear? How many of those are in this initial little bump here and then a continued symphony of liars got that bump to be repeated over and over again because viral pneumonia isn't treatable by antibiotics?
If they have a low pulse ox, you better put them on oxygen right away.
Do you think that care homes weren't doing that? You don't think care homes did care homes have the proper equipment to apply oxygen or do they just start giving oxygen to people that these little devices said they needed it?
Do you think it's beyond the shadow of a dog that they couldn't have produced? Let's say 10,000 of these that sucked?
You don't think that they would do that for trillions of dollars in a multi-generational system of control to be put in place? You don't think they'd lie about a few things? You don't think they'd co-opt a few liars? Pay a few people to say, hey, make a big deal about Ivermectin for us, would you?
Hey, here's a few studies that we faked on purpose. Show people how fake they are and then write a book about it and we'll promote you and you and your family will be part of this ruling elite, this national security operation.
How is it possible that in 2024, the former scientific advisor of CHD, Children's Health Defense, the premier anti-vax thing in America, could be on an internet show and not say anything about the vaccine schedule in general and about how in the last eight or nine years, you've been working tirelessly to bring attention to the criminal enterprise that is the vaccine schedule and you're so grateful that there's so much more information.
The pandemic has brought light to them. Does that, Robert, does does Mary Holland ever say that? Maybe does Meryl Nass ever say that? Absolutely not.
Meryl Nass is a bioweapons expert that spends more time trying to convince you of her expertise than of teaching you anything that she actually knows.
And when she does teach you something, she will say exactly what her best friend Robert Malone just said in 2021 that I was begging to say in 2020 back when I was completely bamboozled by this theater.
And so these brilliant MDs have not progressed one iota in three years in their understanding of what happened and their sophistication and being able to explain it.
And neither of them has progressed to understand that murder was used.
Listen carefully to this medler named Meryl Nass.
Well, maybe it wasn't a lab leak. You know, maybe it was deliberate. That's one thing you have to consider. But the other thing is you just look at the genome.
There are so many different things that have been changed. There's at least a dozen things in that genome that are very odd.
And that cause specific medical problems. Okay, so let's just destroy Meryl Nass for the poser that she is right here with those words and those words alone.
Let's play him one more time before I put her into the wood chipper, please play these words. We're not even going to need to eat 30 seconds to absolutely mangle her and show her for the medler and an immunomethologist that she is.
She is totally part of this. Watch. Listen.
Well, maybe it wasn't a lab leak. You know, maybe it was deliberate. That's one thing you have to consider. But the other thing is you just look at the genome.
There are so many different things that have been changed. There's at least a dozen things in that genome that are very odd.
And that cause specific medical problems. So.
So are you ready to see to hear me say in about three sentences why that is the biggest crock of bullshit.
And I've known that this angle has been a big crock of bullshit since 2020. Why? Well, I'll tell you why.
Because Richard Fleming and Charles Rixie and Kevin McCairn and Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose and all these other fakers who have been telling you that the spike protein is especially dangerous for exactly the same reasons that Robert Malone said in the previous video
and for exactly the same reasons that this faker has said it here fear and cleavage site. There's like so many changes in the spike protein and they all cause specific disease symptoms.
So here's a very simple question for all these fake people. Then why haven't we been using the high fidelity sequencing data to track these things that cause specific things to happen.
And the danger had passed. If the fear and cleavage site is so frickin important for its for its infectivity then why weren't we told when the fear and cleavage site disappeared from the spike protein.
If the HIV sequences are so important for understanding what the hell's going on then why isn't anybody tracked them.
What about the staphyl toxin and teratoxin B homology that Robert Malone and all these other people have been mentioning for four years. Why haven't we tracked that?
Why don't they tell us when the mutations in the Omicron 5.6 are now outside of the HIV. So we're really afraid now that they that the flying AIDS has evolved again. They don't talk shit.
Meryl Nast doesn't know what she's talking about. She can't tell you how these sequences have evolved across these different variants.
Even though she's happy to say that there are 11 things that were changed that caused specific disease symptoms.
Meryl Nast you are a liar. You are a fake doctor expert and this is all you need.
That's already shows you don't know what you're talking about. You're just reading and saying shit that people told you to say.
And anyone in drastic anyone like me Kevin McCarron could have said this nonsense.
Even Charles Rixi wouldn't have needed his big excel sheet to say this shit in 2020.
Are you joking?
And we're supposed to believe that her doors to freedom opposing the who is going to save us when she won't talk about the prep act or electing people to erase the prep act or or getting people to approach it as a Seventh Amendment violation and getting the prep act struck by a single circuit court decision.
She's not saying strict liability here or that transformation and transfection were always criminally negligent.
I knew that from the beginning. She's saying that this was a lab leak.
Maybe it was released. Maybe it wasn't the exact same shit that Robert Malone said to Paul Cottrell in 2021.
Remember that the most important the most important sub stack that Meryl Nast has ever written.
You can even see it because it's in the title is defending Robert Malone.
A week later, Robert Malone came out of a list of bad guys and it's all these clowns.
It's one big show and the problem is is they're going to get they're going to get very desperate now because the show has no more depth.
The stage has not got another layer of scenery anymore.
They have a big problem on their hands now because a guy like me exists.
I know who they've talked to for four years.
I know who was sending emails and who was copied so they can't fake that they don't know each other anymore,
which is also funny because part of their shtick on the Internet is to pretend that they don't know each other.
Like that's why Robert Malone never mentions Judy Mickovitz and Judy Mickovitz would never mention Robert Malone.
That's why the science advisor for CHD is a bio weapons expert that's never spoke out against the vaccine schedule
in a useful way.
That's why a Columbia professor was appointed to be the head of CHD right when they were making a lot of progress
and right when the vaxx thing was really hitting it and boom.
It's medlers and sabotage.
That's what it is.
That's how the anti-vaxx movement has been stopped.
Medlers and sabotage.
That's why I was released from CHD.
That's why nobody wants to talk about my contributions to this book because one of my six contributions to this book
is that they didn't need a virus to do it.
One of my contributions to this book is that Cina Bavari already predicted the pandemic in 2019
that it was a postdoc of Ralph Barrick and said that Remdesivir would be useful.
They don't like the stuff that I have in this book because infectious clones is in this book and it's explained very well
how infectious clones is kind of used as a proxy for RNA virology but it's not a good proxy.
That's why they don't sell the green book.
CHD doesn't really want to sell Brian Hooker's book because this book actually tells the truth
that the vaccine schedules a criminal enterprise.
That's why they sell Robert Malone's book too.
And I believe that's why Meryl Nash is starting a new nonprofit just to keep this stuff divided
just to keep all these efforts stupid.
We wouldn't want to focus on changing the American system,
pulling America out of the who. We wouldn't want to do that.
We've got to change the who. We've got to influence the who.
Do you know how stupid that is?
That Steve Kirsch and Brett Weinstein and actually Meryl Nash have all told us that thank goodness
the language in the who treaty has changed a little bit.
It seems like the who is responding to our pressure.
So keep in mind I'm going to play it one more time.
I want you to understand how in four years in four years,
how this makes every one of these molecular biology masters
absolutely positively a liar.
If you said for example that there are amyloid generating
sequences or pre onogenic like sequences in the spike protein,
but you didn't bother to track them through variants.
Stop lying.
If you were focused on the spike protein since 2020,
but you haven't tracked the HIV inserts as they appeared
or disappeared in different variants.
Stop lying.
If you say like Meryl Nash just said that there are what?
And that genome that are very odd and that cause specific medical problems.
Specific medical problems.
Stop lying.
It's so ridiculous for her to claim that because it's real simple.
The biology is real simple.
There were changes in the spike protein that caused specific problems.
So why wouldn't you have tracked it from the very beginning to show
that those specific problems follow those things?
And when we could tell people when the virus was becoming less or more dangerous,
you liar.
She works in Maine.
And yet she's so sophisticated with this virus that she understands
all the subtleties of these 11 or so things that cause specific medical problems.
Stop lying.
It's there's no other way to see it.
That alone is already criminal.
That's a liar.
And anybody who has taken this stance that includes almost all of these monkeys
is a liar.
And I've said it for years already.
Why the hell aren't you tracking these sequences?
Why aren't you telling us whether they're in this delta or that delta?
Why do you keep going back to the original spike protein and then making that
in in vitro studies and saying that's amyloidosis?
Do you see the lies that they are telling you ladies and gentlemen?
It's gigantic and it is uniform across all of these people.
And it is very, very simple to see.
Because if they're so sure for four years that these sequences are gaining
a function and that things were put in them in order to cause havoc,
to cause specific outcomes, why the hell have they never been able to express
the predictions that that model makes?
And there you see it's the same bullshit academicians that are
pulling this trick of saying that they're doing science and that they're
using reductionist model of shit, but they don't actually go anywhere with the
model.
That's the model right there.
The model is is that what the spike protein, what?
You have to consider.
But the other thing is you just look at the genome.
There are so many things, different things that have been changed.
There's at least a dozen things in that genome that are very odd.
And that cause specific medical problems.
So that's really it.
That's really it.
For me, there's no other way to see her than a reader.
She's reading off of something.
So she says exactly what she wants to say.
And it is exactly the bullshit story that they want us to pass on to our children
so that they are enslaved by it.
I'm going to let the rest of this video play because I want you to hear how much
she doubles down on this stupid, complicated explanation for a very simple
concert of lies.
Told on behalf of the biosecurity state that she almost certainly works for.
As part of a group of people that has kept the lid on the autism epidemic,
kept the lid on the autism moms and prevented CHD from doing anything
useful to oppose the vaccine schedule and instead operating under this stupid
rubric of health freedom.
She is an integral part of that meddling and that sabotage.
So there are things in that genome that are there to impact your immune system
and make it harder for you to fight off the infection.
People knew when they created the vaccine, for instance, the spike was very toxic.
Why would you take the most toxic part of this virus and make a vaccine out of that?
Total lie.
Oh darn it.
And it's the lie that they've been telling since 2020 that people like Kevin
McCairn and Walter Chestnut and Flemming and all these people in 2020 don't forget
how many of them knew it was the spike.
It was the spike.
Even Jessica Rose was talking about the spike and writing, writing shit
substacks about the spike, spike, spike.
That was the narrative that the biosecurity state had planned in this version of the
spars pandemic to try and trick people into believing that they rushed it,
that they made a mistake, that they were naive and that the dangers of
transfection could be blamed on a spike protein instead of on the methodology itself,
that all of these people that work for the biosecurity state know full well,
transfection and transformation was always going to do nothing but hurt people.
But the idea was to get us to accept that it wasn't that, that it was a spike protein.
That was the narrative that I called out already in 2021.
And ever since then these people have been pulling their hair out trying to get me to accept
that that's not the way it is, that there really was a virus.
That's why they paid me for a year to work for Bobby.
That's why they paid me to help write that book because they thought that that book and that
experience would get me on board.
That's why I was let go from CHD.
They did an interview with me about the book and then they didn't let release the book,
the interview because they didn't think it really promoted the book.
I shit you not.
You can ask Brian Hooker because he knows he made the decision not to use that video.
I guess because Mary didn't like it or Meryl didn't like it or someone else didn't like it.
But all I said was is that a lot of what isn't that book is probably just people talking shit.
And in reality RNA can't pandemic.
That's a message that wasn't ready for prime time because it wouldn't have sold the red book.
And so they let me go.
No care for my family, no care for the things that I had done for three years that are supposedly
the reason why they hired me in the first place because the people who run CHD within that
group of people, there are medlers.
There are medlers there that are making sure that these autism moms and these autism
dads never actually reach the goal of usefully challenging the vaccine schedule in America.
That's not their goal.
That's why they talk about health freedom all the time.
And that's why they fight about censorship all the time.
And that's why they will never usefully challenge the prep act.
I don't know how to say it any other way.
Those people are being meddled with and sabotaged and we have to save them somehow.
They have to wake up and throw these people out of the organization.
Never listen to them again.
There's no other way to see this.
If she's telling you a story about 11 things that were changed in a genome that caused
very specific disease symptoms and doesn't give a shit about tracking them, doesn't
even think it's useful because it's not part of the limited spectrum of debate,
ladies and gentlemen, and they don't think you're sophisticated enough to understand
that the model that she put forth is bullshit.
They don't think you're sophisticated enough to understand that that model means
that you should have been keeping track of this shit for four years, right?
Merrill, why didn't you?
And Kim Iverson is not smart enough or sharp enough to flip that around and say,
hey, so have you been tracking some of these sequences?
What are these sequences and how they've changed over the last four years?
These are liars, ladies and gentlemen.
These are the most important, important, important, patent, fake actors that are
designed to sustain the illusion that this is the question to ask.
And it's 2024.
And it is striking that Meryl Nass is the one who's doing it.
Are things in that genome that are there to impact your immune system?
Are they there and make it harder for you to fight off the infection?
Are you going to be specific about it at all?
Were they all placed there by the designer?
Or are they part of RNA virology and just how mean they are?
This is like the intellectual opposite of trying to argue about isolation,
purification, and viral culturing for four days straight.
It's exactly the same thing.
It's just a hamster wheel of bullshit that keeps asking the same question
over again, lab leak or natural.
Wow, there's a lot of reasons to think both.
Never getting to the useful answer, which is I guess because this part of the model is bullshit,
I guess they must have murdered people to lie about it so that they could cover this.
No, no, it's definitely a lab leak.
I mean, you know, there's all these things in the virus that make it obvious that it's a lab leak.
The virus is defined by their sequences.
It is defined by their data.
We're supposed to take their nature papers as word for the fact that this is going around.
And in fact, I guess Meryl takes that word for the two because she had it three times, right?
Her main issue is that she's given Ivermectin to people who said it made them feel better.
And she's had it.
She's had it three times.
I'm sorry, but anybody that says they've had COVID and three times in the pandemic is a liar,
especially when they they couple that with I never tested.
I don't know for sure, but I'm pretty sure I had it.
That's exactly Meryl's story.
It's no, no more, no more sophisticated than that.
We are just dealing with coordinated lying.
That's also why Meryl's been on stage with Robert Malone so often.
That's why why Jessica Rose has been on stage so often.
Most likely, Ryan Cole has been kind of co-opted by these people and controlled by these people.
And now that's why he's being sued and can't really speak out anymore because because he's under their control.
The narrative, you know, his narrative and what he can say now is very limited to the to the cancer and this kind of stuff.
I don't think Robert Brian Cole is a bad guy, but I do think he could tell us the truth that these people are actually members.
I'm sure he probably knows it, but like Peter, like Peter McCully is probably coerced and can't say it.
People knew when they created the vaccine, for instance, the spike was very toxic.
Why would you take the most toxic part of this virus and make a vaccine out of that part?
You need to decrease the toxicity before you made the vaccine, but they didn't.
Apparently, Meryl has multiple children, one that that treated doctors in New York City, which was a recent rebuttal that we didn't know about until very recently as a response to Jessica to Jessica Hockett.
And then she also has a son, I think, that works at Google, which is great.
There were when Fauci had his phone call on February 1 with about a dozen virologists.
It was mentioned that there were six weird things in the genome.
So on February 1, 2020, these spooky virologists who have worked on biological warfare issues before, as well as other things, were aware of six things in the genome that had probably been added in a laboratory.
And we've discovered more since then.
But we haven't bothered to track them.
We can't tell you what they are, and we haven't bothered to track them through variants because we only want to talk about the original spike protein because the focus is to try and make sure that you realize, by solving the mystery in your head, that it was the choice of the spike protein that screwed up the transformation and
transformation and transfection.
That fateful decision made by the lady at Moderna in 45 minutes was the decision that ended up sealing the fate of a lot of these people when they got transfected or transformed to the most toxic protein in the whole viral genome, because I say so.
I'm not actually a geneticist.
If you actually, and I'm not a geneticist, I'm not a virologist, but I, you know, I can read.
Sounds like me knowledge that to be true, and it's been documented.
There's no question, but that this was designed in a lab, and I'd posit that there's a good chance that different parts of it were designed in different labs, and then those parts were put together.
Yeah, that's even better.
She's got an even more wonderful explanation. It was a combination of ideas. You know, maybe it was Robert Malone's collaboration with epivax that identified some, some universal epitopes that would be very useful in creating a immunogen that would always provoke zero prevalence.
And then they took those, and they put them in a sequence, and then they pretended that that sequence was found.
And the way they pretended that sequence was found is they just made a bunch of cloned DNA of it, and they spilled it in the water.
And then when the Chinese tested for it, lo and behold, they found a sequence that contained our immunogen, and so then we pretended like we didn't know.
It was just in the virus, and we gave everybody a shot, and lo and behold, five shots later, they still get antibodies.
And we'll have people like Robert Malone and Meryl Nast say that this was all designer to make it infectious or to make a bio weapon when in reality, it was just following the basic NIH, you know, correlative immunity as antibodies.
And so if we can make a protein that produces lots of antibodies, then basically we'll have a magic bullet that can create a vaccine that seems to work every time that passes the NIH muster every time.
And it's interesting that Robert Malone and some of his collaborators were working on just such a thing for the decades before the pandemic started.
The idea of universal epitopes for the immune system is something that he and Annie DeGroat and people were working on for years.
So what would have been added in? How would it have worked? The idea that this was just a bunch of bad guys that were trying to make a virus worse is so dumb simple.
The idea that these sequences are there, and it's obvious that it's a lab leak, but we're not going to worry about them or track them or see how they've evolved, even though we have 15 million sequences of this virus according to Kevin McCurnan of the Human Genome Project.
Is he tracking any of these interesting sequences at all?
In fact, he's spending all of his time talking about the double stranded DNA with his friend Buckhalter, who was involved in early PCR testing and probably made a profit from those patents early on.
Just like I heard recently that this Roger Hodgkinson from Canada was also involved in a multi-seq company that was trying to do PCR testing.
These people are all trying to get some because they know that the global elite have decided that the prison doors are about to close.
They're about to close on your kids, your kids are about to be enslaved, and these people are working for the slavers, and that's why they tell you the mythology of the slavers instead of the biology that is the sacred biology that God gave us that is creation.
This is just desecration of all those ideas.
Sharing the humanized mouse model that we're sharing other things, it's certainly possible that bits from both left and there are other labs around the world.
Coronavirus labs in Australia, in Singapore, in Taiwan, in Europe, they're all over, so other ones in the United States as well.
So there are many possibilities from where it could have come from, and in my mind, we know it's been created in a lab, did it leak, or was it deliberately spread?
And people say, first, well, it had to have been the Wuhan lab because that's where it showed up.
But me, having a background in biological warfare, and tell you that you always are going to pick an organism so that it appears to be natural.
So you're going to, if you want to spread it, you spread it in a place.
So she's got a background in biological warfare, but she's never actually had a lab.
Her background is blogging.
Her background is being on congressional committees where she speaks against the old anthrax vaccine, kind of arguing for a new generation.
In the same conversation that Robert Malone has featured in, interestingly enough, from years ago, she's never been usefully opposed to the vaccine schedule.
She's always been a bioweapons expert.
So how did she get on CHD?
How did she become the scientific advisor to that group if her whole thing was bioweapons, not speaking out against the vaccine schedule before that?
You see, the problem here with this poser that we have been forced to respect, or they are trying to coerce us into respecting.
Let's say it like that the same way they coerced us with Robert Malone.
Where the lab leak would appear, right?
And you, if you are able, you use a strain that looks like a natural strain, but the people who made this, we're looking for a highly, highly virulent organism.
And how does she know that motivation?
What is she talking about other than the pandemic potential narrative?
That there are people in those labs over there that are really trying hard.
And there are people in the Ukraine labs that are trying really hard.
There are labs in Laos that are trying really hard.
And so if it didn't come from one, it'll come from another.
And so she is ceding a narrative of perpetual pandemics that is based on the fact that there are pandemics in laboratories that are brought out of a bat cave.
There are pandemics that are in laboratories that are laboratory viruses that have been passaged in cell culture.
There are also those that have been passaged in humanized mice and golden hamsters.
And there are also my goodness, these people have been lagoing together these viruses.
It could be that some ideas came from Shengji Li and other ideas came from Australia for all I know, and they put them all together into one and let it go.
And the worst case scenario is that this was a gain of function laboratory bio weapon all along.
And so in 2024, the exact same narrative that I would have screamed from the top of the roofs in 2020 is now the narrative.
That Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch and Alex Berenson and Harvey Reich and all of these absolute fakes on the internet.
Brett Weinstein, his brother, Joe Rogan, all of these people, wittingly or unwittingly, have come to believe that the worst case scenario is this.
The worst case scenario actually happened, but we're lucky that it wasn't a worse virus and that the next one that comes could either be the descendant of this one or a brand new one that comes from a new virus.
Ed Wong is not sure where, but he's definitely sure that it will come.
And please understand what I'm suggesting is that these people were put in place very early, and we were told that the train had no breaks.
That they're no breaks because why? Well, because we're all immune. We're all vulnerable. Rather, none of us are immune. It's a brand new virus.
And so we're going to need all these people to help slow the train down and all these people to control when it leaves the station because it's out of our our immune system control.
It's out of our understanding. We don't even know for sure how bad this is going to be.
The worst case scenario, according to people like Paul Catrell and Kevin McCarran, is a billion people dead.
And imagine the knock on effects of a billion people dead to our infrastructure and our societies and our economic systems.
That's what those people were telling you in 2020. That's what these people are telling you now.
It's the exact same list of wrong questions, exact same list of hamster wheels that you can run as fast as you want.
You can run until the bearings start to smoke and you're not going to save your kids from the criminal vaccine schedule in America.
You're not going to save your kids from the poisonous food in America. You're not going to save your kids from the environmental toxins that are allowed to be put in processed food in America and not sold in the E.
None of those things. You're never going to break through the illusion that you don't need sunscreen. That sunscreen is just poison lotion.
You're never going to break through those illusions because none of these people are going to ask those questions.
Meryl Nast still wants you to be concerned about the consequences of a lab leak with up to 11 sequences that were inserted and designed to hurt you.
And unfortunately, these people who transmitted and transformed you with what she still calls vaccines didn't know any better and put the most toxic protein into that shot.
And this is how the pandemic was created over four years with a concerted effort to lay down this Scooby-Doo mystery where we were trying to figure out who was lying to us and what they were lying about.
And we have been led to believe that we have solved that mystery. We figured out that they lied about a lab leak and they tried to cover it up.
And that explains very succinctly why people behave the way they did, why people doubled down, why people said things they shouldn't have said and why people are now admitting that the countermeasures hurt people.
And while we're admitting that the countermeasures hurt people, not one of these people on the news and not one of these medlers that we've been talking about before.
That's on the worst case scenario team is ever going to tell you that they murdered people and lied about it.
Robert alone's never going to say they murdered people and lied about it.
Meryl Nast is never going to say they murdered people and lie about it.
She's going to tell you that she had COVID three times.
And how does she treat COVID? I vermectin.
Yep. Yep. That's right.
So ladies and gentlemen, they took and for four years, these medlers have told us a story about a gain of function spike protein that Meryl Nast just told us two days ago with no more sophistication than could have been told in 2020.
And they keep repeating it because they want the average mouth breathing TV watching skilled skilled social media user to believe that that gain of function spike protein can explain why their friend has chronic fatigue syndrome after getting three vaccinations.
It can explain why their father who's 40 years old or 45 years old had a sudden aneurysm is not going to be there for them anymore.
It can explain why your beautiful mom who was an actor on a Hollywood set got accelerated brain cancer and died in four months.
It can explain all of that because they chose a gain of function spike protein those bastards.
And that is a lie that all of these people want you to tell your children so that you don't understand that Robert Malone Pierre Corey, Meryl Nast, all of these people lied to you to cover up the fact that there was no pandemic.
They lied to you to cover up the fact that they murdered a bunch of people and they amplified that story as evidence of a impending doom.
And then with a carefully seeded and orchestrated national security exercise over the last three years, our children have become 99% enslaved by these lies.
And if we don't start as adults dragging them out of this mythology, they will be trapped in it forever because that was the plan.
There will be stress and more stress coming that will make it harder for us to pull them out the farther that we go down this timeline.
So we must try to do it now because people like Robert Malone could have said this stuff in 2020 or 2021 and they did not. They didn't say it until 2022 or 2023 or 2024.
And what they said in 2021 was exactly dead on balls narrative for what Fauci would have wanted them to say what James G. or Donald would have wanted them to say what any of these people who have already gained what this national security operation
If you're going to get maximum compliance, they would have loved to have a guy like this, how loved to have a guy, a woman like Meryl Nast in place before the whole operation started.
They would have loved to have a dupe like Brett Weinstein just begging for a podcast. They would have loved to have it and in fact they did.
That's how we got here. That's why Robert Malone in 2021, December of 2021 was the first time he said anything useful.
And then he said that the spike protein to go to your brain, go to your heart and genetically reset your immune system.
The exact same story about a spike protein rather than transformation and transfection has fundamentally screwing up your immune system and he should have known from the very beginning because of course he did.
His his role was to make sure that academic biologists like me would never realize it.
And my job until the day I die is to make sure that all the people that I've ever worked with all the people that are academic biologists now have one place on earth to hear this message RNA can't pandemic RNA can't copy itself like that viruses don't make sense from a biological perspective.
If you're going to try and blame millions and millions of cases and millions of millions of deaths on a single one that started from a point.
There's no biological evidence for a phenomenon like that. There is a biological explanation for a bunch of lies causing a bunch of people to die.
Lies about pneumonia lies about antibiotics ventilators pulse ox remdesivir medazlam lies about who was dying from what.
And the coordinated effort for people like Robert Malone the no virus people and everybody on the PBS NewsHour to make sure that you thought excess deaths was novel virus.
Excess deaths was gain a function virus. Maybe they're covering it up. Never mind the financial incentives. Never mind the fraud. Never mind the implausibility of what happened in New York City.
Never mind tracking trace and the millions of dollars that were spent on it. Never mind what PCR fraud might be or not be. We're not going to explain any of that.
And they still haven't four years later.
They still haven't talked about it. We are in 2024 ladies and gentlemen and this this illusion is what they are sustaining.
This is exactly the story that Merrill and Malone were out there to tell you from the very beginning.
And that's why they're still telling you it in 2024 with no variation, no subtleties, no progress, no more understanding. It's all the same bullshit.
I'm going to take a shot at something today. It's inspired by Jeff from Earth who's in the chat. Jeff from Earth wants to make some flashcards for the biology of giga-ome biological.
And the first flashcard that he proposed was for PCR. And so I want to do a little impromptu discussion about that right now.
And my goal is going to be, I don't know if I have this on yet. Sorry, I don't have this on yet.
My goal is to try and work through this over a couple days to figure out what the right explanation is and how to do it as succinctly as possible.
And I'm going to be basically starting from Jeff's assertion, which I kind of already like. So I'm just going to read it first.
This should now be working. Yes. Okay. So I'm going to read this because I really want you to hear it because I do think it is useful.
I don't know how far it is back here.
So flashcards. And this is his proposal. I understand that it's not perfect. I mean, he doesn't think it's perfect. This is just what he sent to me the other day.
And I think it's a really good way to do it. But I want to expand on this because I see the weaknesses here.
The problematic oversight of emergency use authorized PCR test was the permitted counter narrative discussion. Perfect.
The reality is that PCR is highly accurate in detecting whatever it is primed to detect. And this is critical to understand how the presence or absence of specific RNA or DNA signals could be made to appear or vanish depending on the desired outcome.
I mean, Jeff is following victim to where I've been for four years that you think if you say it just right that people are going to have a light bulb go on.
And it's not going to happen, but these, this is work that needs to be done, just like the work that we've done, which if I go very quickly back over here and escape from this, the work that we've been doing for a long time, which is codified on this slide, for example,
is some attempt to try and distill some of these issues down to, you know, really fundamental ideas. And although I think Jeff has done a very good job with that in this text.
A problematic overcycling of the emergency use authorized PCR test was the permitted counter narrative discussion. The reality is that PCR is highly accurate in detecting whatever it is primed to detect.
It is critical to understand how the presence or absence of specific RNA or DNA could be signals could be made to appear or vanish depending on the desired outcome.
So it's really, it's a really good shot at trying to say it in a three or four sentences and that as much as I am, I'm absolutely proud that somebody who watches my stream and has his own businesses and not a biologist at all can get that far.
I mean, it almost brings me to tears. How proud I am that that my message has gotten so far that someone can write those words having never heard me say them.
And so kudos to you, Jeff. The cut that you made in your head and the stuff that you put in there is working.
But it's more it's it's it's much more complicated than that. And so I wanted to give people a general idea of what these monkeys haven't been saying for four years.
People have been asking me to do it for a while. So I'm going to try and do it today. And I haven't rehearsed this. So I have no idea exactly what's going to come out of my mouth. But the idea is again to find a sequence.
And we're going to pretend that this sequence is 300 base pairs long. Okay. And the first question that you need to ask yourself is what's the background on which I'm doing this.
There are two different kinds of backgrounds to think about a pure zero and real world.
And what do I mean by that? Well, a pure zero background is when you use laboratory conditions and distilled water.
And then you put a DNA of interest that matches this sequence into your control. And then you use the primers that you've selected.
And you amplify the DNA that the primers are specific for. And you show that you get this nice little curve at let's say 15 to 20 cycles where the reaction goes exponential. And it's when the action of the amount of molecules goes exponential.
That's being produced as you cycle the PCR exam. This threshold where it goes where it goes exponential is what they call the cycle count.
And this number is used by quantitative PCR to indicate a relative quantity of RNA. So if I explain that in more detail, I would like to refer to a study that I did actually as a graduate student.
Where I was taking samples out of the brain of mice. And I was trying to prove that acetylcholine receptors were present in these samples that I would take out of the brain.
And so the way that we did this was use quantitative PCR. Quantitative PCR again is using a PCR reaction that has a fluorescent indicator which can be used to define the cycle at which the exponential sigmoid curve shows up.
And so this can be used to indicate a relative abundance. If you had a second transcript here that showed up at let's say a cycle count of 28.
Then if both of these proteins were known to be present in my neurons for example, then we might say that the protein that was found here was more abundant in the neuron that I was recording from than the protein that I found here.
And so I might make a statement for example that let's say give you a hint of what let's say we have two groups of mice.
We have mice that we gave nicotine and so they had a little nicotine. And then we had mice that they were controlled. They had no nicotine.
And then when we measured the difference between these two groups we found that in the mouse that were given nicotine they had acetylcholine receptors that showed up at count 50.
But the control mice showed up at a count of 28. Now you might think wow that's a really cool finding but that finding doesn't mean shit.
Until I'm able to frame this cycle count in a reference.
So I would need to build a reference of RNA or DNA transcripts that provide a baseline CT.
In other words if we know for example that there are also supposed to be NMDA receptors in these neurons and we did a measurement of let's say 100 neurons in the brain region that I'm interested in and we found that on average the cycle count for NMDA receptors was 20.
Now if we took that and use this as a reference point we might be able to make some statement because we already know that from 100 neurons there's an indicator called an NMDA channel which will regularly show up at the 20 range.
And so now I can make a statement about the relative abundance change if in this experiment and this experiment the cycle count of the NMDA control was the same.
On the other hand if in this measurement the NMDA count was let's say 28 and in this measurement the NMDA count was 20 then actually this difference would be zero because when compared to the cycle count of the control marker these two are not different.
And one of the most important things to understand is that there was no such control marker in any PCR test ever used to demonstrate that the RNA that they said was in your body at a certain cycle count compared to one that they knew the expected value of.
So in other words if you didn't know that 20% of the people in the world would be positive for SARS-CoV-2 all the time but then they told you that 20% of the people in the world are positives for COVID and that means it's a spread you are not being told an accurate piece of data.
Just like if somebody says the cycle count is different between these two patients one had cycle count of 28 and one had a cycle count of 20.
What are you using to tell me that the signal in one person is the same as the signal in the other person?
Where is your NMDA control? Where is your RNA control? What control marker are you using in any of these people so that I can compare across these patients?
It wasn't done ever. Never ever ever ever ever.
This is still in the pure side right? We're not talking about the real world where again the background remains uncharacterized.
I'm not very good writer when I'm teaching. I can only write when I'm listening. If I write when I'm teaching it looks like this this is more like how I would be on a chalkboard or a whiteboard.
I can still win but it's harder. I don't write as well when I'm also thinking so I apologize for this shitty writing chicken scratch.
But I hope I'm showing you something that you actually have never been shown by anyone before.
The really crazy thing is I bet if you go back to some of these people's substacks that were telling you about PCR years ago none of them would have said this.
Now what if I was to double the amount of bullshit that they didn't tell you in one single line?
Actually it's two lines.
So there was a way that all academic biologists including myself have known to make a PCR much more specific and the way to do it would be to use nested primers.
So the first round of PCR gets you here and you only get here when the second primers work.
So that means basically you're going to amplify a amplicon and then you're going to take that amplicon and you're going to run it against a second pair of primers that if they're not specific for that amplicon as well then the amplicon won't get amplified and you won't get a positive result.
And in academic biology on almost every bench in America and around the world when they use quantitative PCR to try and make a comparison between multiple mRNA transcripts not only do they need to have several control markers that they can use to generalize across
animals and experiments but they would always use nested primers to be sure that false positives were not considered amplification and you would actually have to show those nested primers in part of your materials and methods so that other people could check them against the sequence.
And so if you don't have a control marker to scale the experimental marker that you purport to be finding you can't make a statement about abundance.
If you don't have nested primers you can't make a statement about specificity really.
And now if you knew that in America they only ever used one amplicon and it depended on which product EUA product you were using what amplicon they used and who selected it and that they never used nested primers and that there was no control marker for a human gene for you to scale the amplification cycle.
Nothing, nothing zero, nothing they have no idea.
In fact Jessica Hockett as a very good point it would have been very easy almost trivial for them to have put the DNA material on the swabs they wanted to test positive.
And since there are no controls, positive controls or negative controls and there are no nested primers then there's absolutely no reason nothing to stop them from just having put some DNA on these swabs and then said they found it.
That's pretty simple. I mean that's as easy as the that's as easy as pie for for DITRA.
Or for the State Department if they were responsible for distributing some of these things overseas.
It's going to take me a couple more swings at this this issue and it's going to take me a little bit more work for me to make the pictures that I want to use on this first flashcard of Jeff and I but I do think that we can get there so that on the front.
It can be the text or the the simple explanation of how you got bamboozled.
And then on the back we could have this more you know step by step explanation for what was missing why academic biologists should be like wait what they didn't use those wait what they didn't do that wait what no nested primers you got to be kidding me.
I think there is a possibility that something like a flashcard with this kind of detail could actually wake some people up not the people that aren't going to wake up not the people that think Ed Young is a his a great writer and deserve the Pulitzer prize.
But we could get closer to a threshold of academic biologists that understand the breadth and the depth of how much they lied to us and and maybe that's the way out.
Ladies and gentlemen giga ohm biological will state one more time that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is done.
And if you have any feedback on my cartoon drawing of PCR please send it to me in an email I want to get this right.
I want to make sure that the progress we are making is not set backwards so stay focused on the biology love your neighbor and don't take their bait on social media regardless of what they say.
Thank you guys for being here and I will see you tomorrow.
Don't forget follow Mark Koolak Mark Utisotonic live and don't forget to share Nick Hudson and and Jonathan Engler and Jessica Hockett and all of these other people that are fighting to get the truth out which is that they murdered people and they told us it was a pandemic
and now they're lying to us about transfection and transformation and a spike protein and and we got to save our kids ladies and gentlemen I love you very much see you tomorrow.
See you guys tomorrow love you all very much.